= Introduction

This is a simple gem for {Active Admin}[http://www.activeadmin.info] that just 
adds support for Time picker.

It supports both ActiveRecord for relational databases and {Mongoid}[http://www.mongoid.org] 
for {MongoDB}[http://www.mongodb.org] schemaless database.

For Date/Time picker widget, see {just-datetime-picker}[https://github.com/saepia/just-datetime-picker].

= Usage

== Code samples

Here comes a quick code sample. Sorry, currently no detailed docs.

That should create nice date/time picker for User#notify_at. 

Associated column in the DB should can have type of :time. It has to be nullable.

To delete previously stored time just make all fields blank (hour and minute).

=== Migration (if you use ActiveRecord)

  class CreateUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration
    def change
      create_table :users do |t|
        t.time  :notify_at # You can also use :integer with :limit => 6

        t.timestamps
      end

    end
  end

=== Model

==== ActiveRecord

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    just_define_time_picker :notify_at, :add_to_attr_accessible => true
    validates :notify_at, :presence => true
  end

==== Mongoid

  class User
    include Mongoid::Document
    field :notify_at, type: Time
    just_define_time_picker :notify_at, :add_to_attr_accessible => true
  end
  
You must place "mongoid" gem BEFORE "just-time-picker" gem in your Gemfile!

=== ActiveAdmin

  ActiveAdmin.register User do
    form do |f|
      f.inputs do
        f.input :notify_at, :as => :just_time_picker
      end

      f.buttons
    end
  end


= Installation

== Code itself

=== Gems

The gems are hosted at Rubygems.org[http://rubygems.org]. Make sure you're
using the latest version of rubygems:

  $ gem update --system

Then you can install the gem as follows:

  $ gem install just-time-picker

=== Bundler

Add to your Gemfile:

  gem "just-time-picker"

and then type:

  bundle install

=== From the GitHub source

The source code is available at https://github.com/saepia/just-time-picker.
You can either clone the git repository or download a tarball or zip file.
Once you have the source, you can unpack it and use from wherever you downloaded.

== Assets

=== CSS

If you use Rails >= 3.1 AND ActiveAdmin >= 0.5.0 just add this line to active_admin.css.scss

  @import "just_time_picker/base";

Otherwise, just manually append the code from {this file}[https://raw.github.com/saepia/just-time-picker/master/app/assets/stylesheets/just_time_picker/base.css] 
to your CSS stylesheet.

In ActiveAdmin 0.4.x you must strip body.active_admin from CSS declarations.

= Additional info

== Available locales

en, pl, zh-CN

== Versions known to work

Code was tested with:

* ruby[http://www.ruby-lang.org] 1.9.3-p194 [ amd64 ] and 1.9.3p286 [ i386 ] under RVM[http://www.rvm.io],
* ActiveAdmin[http://www.activeadmin.info] 0.4.4, 0.5.0 and 0.5.1,
* formtastic[https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic] 2.2.1,
* {Ruby on Rails}[http://www.rubyonrails.org] 3.2.8, 3.2.11.

== License

This code is licensed under GPLv3[http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html].

== Authors

* {Marcin Lewandowski}[https://github.com/saepia]
* doabit[https://github.com/doabit]

== ChangeLog

=== 0.0.1 (February 23, 2013)

* Initial release based on {just-datetime-picker}[https://github.com/saepia/just-datetime-picker] 0.0.6 ({Marcin Lewandowski}[https://github.com/saepia])
